[Name] GNU MP
[Summary] GNU Multiple Precision Arithmetic Library
[License] GNU General Public License (GPL)
[Description] GMP is a free library for arbitrary precision
arithmetic, operating on signed integers, rational
numbers, and floating point numbers. There is no
limit to the precision, except for the ones
implied by available memory. It has a rich set of
functions, and the functions have a regular
interface.  It is designed to be as fast as
possible, both for small operands and for huge
operands. The speed is achieved by using fullwords
as the basic arithmetic type, by using fast
algorithms with carefully optimized assembly code
for the most common inner loops for a lot of CPUs,
and by a general emphasis on speed (instead of
simplicity or elegance).  It is believed to be
faster than any other similar library. The
advantage increases with the operand sizes for
certain operations, since GMP in many cases has
asymptotically faster algorithms.
[Homepage] http://www.gmplib.org
